renting a house it's so you yeah it's it's if you have the wherewithal
to own a house that's right the more you gonna be moving you can't
tell all homes that you even though the navy is pushing all setting
right now you may or may not be living where more what's your house
so that we have the right if you're comfortable with the brand then
yeah that you know I was told as a ship driver so I would always go
back to the awful the Newport Rhode Island all I knew for one whole
format division all through the park XO seals who was there and I will
call so you can do a lot of towards in Newport so it makes sense
to buy it and read it by the you know it can be done if you want to
watch your personal finances on that one although right now though I'm
sitting here making this you know there's a thirty year low in in
the mortgage rates so I was phenomenal is that gonna last hello you
never know that so if you can yeah I've always would be I would advise
doing it because if you have a house to sell off later on sellers
which also have a house to live in when you fathers are